App: Every class I create is part of a layer and includes the Model and the HTTP logic handled by the Controller
Routes:This layer contains the route definition files, including web.php and api.php
Resources:This folder contains Blade views and frontend files like CSS, JS, and images.
Public:This is the public web folder. It includes index.php and any files accessible directly via the browser.
Database:It contains migrations, seeders, and factories to organize the database.
Config:: Contains application settings files (such as database, mail, sessions...).
Formulated in English in easy and simple language

model in App
view in Resources
controller in App

PHP ARTISAN SERVE
php artisan make:controller PostController
php artisan migrate

• 1. Request (The Order): A user performs an action, like typing a URL into their browser or clicking a button. This sends a digital "order" to the server. 
• 2. Route (The Signpost): The server receives the request and looks at the Route map. The route determines exactly where the request should go based on the URL (e.g., /profile or /shop). 
• 3. Controller (The Manager): The route hands the request to a Controller. Think of the controller as a manager or a waiter; it processes the logic, talks to the database (Model) if needed, and decides what information is required. 
• 4. View (The Presentation): The controller sends the processed data to the View. The view is a template that turns raw data into a pretty layout with HTML, CSS, and images.
• 5. Response (The Delivery): The final formatted page is sent back to the user's browser as a Response, completing the cycle and displaying the website on their screen.

Request : the orders
Route : The Direction
Controller : The Logic
View : The UI
Response : The Result

1. in larvel the data get from controller to view(blade file)
2. in blade use {{}} to display data safely

Or navigation menu, <html>, <head>, <body> is a basic that contains the general page structure: such as Blade is the master layout file
Its goal to avoid repeating the same code on every page.


In order not to write fixed things every time on every page where I need them, I write them down once and call them up as soon as I need them.


Conditionals (@if) When we need to decide to display a specific part of the page based on a condition.
• why ?
Because sometimes the data differs from one user to another or from one case to another, and we don't want everything to always appear.

Loops (@foreach) When we have a set of data that we want to display repeatedly, such as a list of products or users
